track Fru_Nuc_RNA
shortLabel Fru RNA
longLabel Fruitless Nuclear RNA
type superTrack
superTrack on show

track Fru
shortLabel Fruitless
longLabel Fruitless
type bigWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
parent Fru_Nuc_RNA on
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
viewLimits 0:300
maxHeightPixels 128:30:8
visibility full
container multiWig

	track FruR1
	bigDataUrl Fru_R1.bigwig
	shortLabel Fru_R1
	longLabel Fru_R1
	type bigWig
	color 230, 159, 0
	parent Fru on
	visibility full

	track FruR2
	bigDataUrl Fru_R2.bigwig
	shortLabel Fru_R2
	longLabel Fru_R2
	type bigWig
	color 230, 159, 0
	parent Fru on
	visibility full

	track FruR3
	bigDataUrl Fru_R3.bigwig
	shortLabel Fru_R3
	longLabel Fru_R3
	type bigWig
	color 230, 159, 0
	parent Fru on
	visibility full


track OK107_Nuc_RNA
shortLabel OK107 RNA
longLabel OK107 Nuclear RNA
type superTrack
superTrack on show

track OK107
shortLabel Kenyon Cell
longLabel Kenyon Cell
type bigWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
parent OK107_Nuc_RNA on
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
viewLimits 0:300
maxHeightPixels 128:30:8
visibility full
container multiWig

	track OK107R1
	bigDataUrl OK107_R1.bigwig
	shortLabel OK107_R1
	longLabel OK107_R1
	type bigWig
	color 204, 121, 167
	parent OK107 on
	visibility full

	track OK107R2
	bigDataUrl OK107_R2.bigwig
	shortLabel OK107_R2
	longLabel OK107_R2
	type bigWig
	color 204, 121, 167
	parent OK107 on
	visibility full

	track OK107R3
	bigDataUrl OK107_R3.bigwig
	shortLabel OK107_R3
	longLabel OK107_R3
	type bigWig
	color 204, 121, 167
	parent OK107 on
	visibility full

track ELAV_Nuc_RNA
shortLabel ELAV RNA
longLabel ELAV Nuclear RNA
type superTrack
superTrack on show

track ELAV
shortLabel All Neurons
longLabel All Neurons
type bigWig
aggregate transparentOverlay
parent ELAV_Nuc_RNA on
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
viewLimits 0:300
maxHeightPixels 128:30:8
visibility full
container multiWig

	track ELAVR1
	bigDataUrl ELAV_R1.bigwig
	shortLabel ELAV_R1
	longLabel ELAV_R1
	type bigWig
	color 86, 180, 233
	parent ELAV on
	visibility full

	track ELAVR2
	bigDataUrl ELAV_R2.bigwig
	shortLabel ELAV_R2
	longLabel ELAV_R2
	type bigWig
	color 86, 180, 233
	parent ELAV on
	visibility full

	track ELAVR3
	bigDataUrl ELAV_R3.bigwig
	shortLabel ELAV_R3
	longLabel ELAV_R3
	type bigWig
	color 86, 180, 233
	parent ELAV on
	visibility full
